The professor came around and he was
looking at our like things and it was
sitting and it like clearly looks
like a tooth. Have I showed you it?
Yeah. And it so clearly looks like a tooth and it
was sitting like with the base on the bottom so I
could carve it easier. He came around and he was
like, this shape is a little boring for my taste
but it's fine. And I was like okay, and he was
like how do you want to display it. What? What did
he think it was? I don't know, I literally think
he thought it was supposed to be like this with
like 2 prongs going up. Which obviously is boring.
I was like no I'm thinking about displaying it
this way like a tooth. And he was like that's so,
I like that a lot more. What did other people do?
A lot, nobody elses really looked like
something. Like it's kind of just supposed to be
like abstract. But yours was boring? Well it was
just boring when he thought it was like two nubs.